README.md, before:

# 🍥Fuwari

A static blog template built with [Astro](https://astro.build).

[**🖥️ Live Demo (Vercel)**](https://fuwari.vercel.app)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**📦 Old Hexo Version**](https://github.com/saicaca/hexo-theme-vivia)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 中文**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.zh-CN.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 日本語**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.ja-JP.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 한국어**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.ko.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 Español**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.es.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 ไทย**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.th.md)

> README version: `2024-09-10`

![Preview Image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saicaca/resource/main/fuwari/home.png)

## ✨ Features

- [x] Built with [Astro](https://astro.build) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [x] Smooth animations and page transitions
- [x] Light / dark mode
- [x] Customizable theme colors & banner
- [x] Responsive design
- [ ] Comments
- [x] Search
- [ ] TOC

## 🚀 How to Use

1. [Generate a new repository](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/generate) from this template or fork this repository.
2. To edit your blog locally, clone your repository, run `pnpm install` AND `pnpm add sharp` to install dependencies.
   - Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) `npm install -g pnpm` if you haven't.
3. Edit the config file `src/config.ts` to customize your blog.
4. Run `pnpm new-post <filename>` to create a new post and edit it in `src/content/posts/`.
5. Deploy your blog to Vercel, Netlify, GitHub Pages, etc. following [the guides](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/). You need to edit the site configuration in `astro.config.mjs` before deployment.

## ⚙️ Frontmatter of Posts

```yaml
---
title: My First Blog Post
published: 2023-09-09
description: This is the first post of my new Astro blog.
image: ./cover.jpg
tags: [Foo, Bar]
category: Front-end
draft: false
lang: jp      # Set only if the post's language differs from the site's language in `config.ts`
---
```

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                             | Action                                           |
|:------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------|
| `pnpm install` AND `pnpm add sharp` | Installs dependencies                            |
| `pnpm dev`                          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `pnpm build`                        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `pnpm preview`                      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `pnpm new-post <filename>`          | Create a new post                                |
| `pnpm astro ...`                    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `pnpm astro --help`                 | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

Commit message:

change: cloudflare adapter & github card api cache
- Use Cloudflare Pages for dynamic static site.
- Proxy GitHub card API via Worker with caching.
- Add signature check for request authenticity.

README.md, after:

# 🍥Fuwari

A static blog template built with [Astro](https://astro.build).

This is a fork modified to work with Cloudflare Pages.

[**🖥️ Live Demo (Vercel)**](https://fuwari.vercel.app)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**📦 Old Hexo Version**](https://github.com/saicaca/hexo-theme-vivia)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 中文**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.zh-CN.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 日本語**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.ja-JP.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 한국어**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.ko.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 Español**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.es.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[**🌏 ไทย**](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/blob/main/README.th.md)

> README version: `2024-09-10`

![Preview Image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saicaca/resource/main/fuwari/home.png)

## ✨ Features

- [x] Built with [Astro](https://astro.build) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [x] Smooth animations and page transitions
- [x] Light / dark mode
- [x] Customizable theme colors & banner
- [x] Responsive design
- [ ] Comments
- [x] Search
- [ ] TOC

### Additional Features Added in This Repository

- [X] Configuration for Cloudflare Pages
- [X] Caching of GitHub API requests using Cloudflare Workers Cache and KV

## 🚀 How to Use

1. [Generate a new repository](https://github.com/saicaca/fuwari/generate) from this template or fork this repository.
2. To edit your blog locally, clone your repository, run `pnpm install` AND `pnpm add sharp` to install dependencies.
   - Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) `npm install -g pnpm` if you haven't.
3. Edit the config file `src/config.ts` to customize your blog.
4. Run `pnpm new-post <filename>` to create a new post and edit it in `src/content/posts/`.
5. Deploy your blog to Cloudflare Pages by following the steps in [this guide](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/cloudflare/#cloudflare-pages).  
Don't forget to update the site configuration in the `astro.config.mjs` file, and add the required secrets under `Variables and Secrets` in your Cloudflare Pages settings before deploying the site.

### Required Environment Variables

- `SECRET_GITHUB_API_CACHE_PAT` - A personal access token used by the Worker to send requests to api.github.com.
- `SECRET_GITHUB_API_CACHE_SIG_KEY` - A SHA-256 hex-encoded key used to sign the repository, verifying that the repo actually belongs to your blog.

### `astro.config.mjs`

- Update `kv_namespaces[0].id` with the `ID` you get from creating a KV namespace in your Cloudflare account.

## ⚙️ Frontmatter of Posts

```yaml
---
title: My First Blog Post
published: 2023-09-09
description: This is the first post of my new Astro blog.
image: ./cover.jpg
tags: [Foo, Bar]
category: Front-end
draft: false
lang: jp      # Set only if the post's language differs from the site's language in `config.ts`
---
```

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                             | Action                                           |
|:------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------|
| `pnpm install` AND `pnpm add sharp` | Installs dependencies                            |
| `pnpm dev`                          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `pnpm build`                        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `pnpm preview`                      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `pnpm new-post <filename>`          | Create a new post                                |
| `pnpm astro ...`                    | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `pnpm astro --help`                 | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
